Enable CircleCI MacOS Executor Usage (#9)
SonarSource/sonarcloud-circleci-orb: README.md

Support of SonarScanner CLI in CircleCI

## SonarCloud Orb

> The SonarCloud Orb can be used with a CircleCI linux/docker or MacOS executor that includes the command line tools `curl` and `unzip`.

Author: ```suggestion
The SonarCloud Orb can be used with any linux or MacOS executor that includes the command line tools `curl` and `unzip`. If using an M1 (silicon) MacOS executor, a Java Runtime Environment (JRE) is also required.
```
